Update 5-2-migration-guide.rst (#7970)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/5-2-migration-guide.rst

- ``FormProtectionComponent`` now raises ``Cake\Controller\Exception\FormProtectionException``. This
  class is a subclass of ``BadRequestException``, and offers the benefit of
  being filterable from logging.

> - ``NumericPaginator::paginate()`` now takes the ``finder`` option into account even when a ``SelectQuery`` instance is passed to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``NumericPaginator::paginate()`` now uses the ``finder`` option even when a ``SelectQuery`` instance is passed to it.
```

Reviewer: Want be clear it uses it.
